Adds a note re setup help (#128)
HealthBioscienceIDEAS/microscopy-novice: learners/setup.md

title: Setup
---

> Please attempt the steps below before attending the course, however, if you would prefer to work through this with an instructor's help, you can join the drop-in session at 09:30am on the first day of the course. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please attempt the steps below before attending the course. However, if you would prefer to work through this with an instructor's help, you can join the drop-in session at the start of the first day of the course. 
```
As we're trying to keep these instructions generic for anyone teaching the course, I'd avoid including the exact time. Especially as we'll be moving this to the incubator soon, where people may teach it with a different schedule.
